Aspect: It will be a (shooting + adventurous) game.The Game Name is”Bombers Shoot down” or “BT SHOOTOUT”. There will be five stages in the game.
Problem/Challenge :-
There will be four stages in total.
1.      First stage will start from the person who survives in the bomb blast and will end when he get the medicines.
2.      Second stage will start from “after getting the medicines , he hear a conversation of two or more peoples and ends at  after he shoots all those people and gets to the police hq.”
3.      Third stage will begin from  “Police HQ and ends at after finding location of  a new bomb.”
4.      Fourth stage will begin from a bike or something that that person rides and ends at after he diffuse the bomb.
The game ends here.
Inspiration: The story will begin from :-
1.      There is bomb blast in an area and somehow you survive the bomb blast. You need medicines urgently.You keep searching for a hospital and find one nearby.There is panic in the hospital due to bomb blast and you take advantage of it and get into the Medical Room and find medicines.
2.      While you was coming out of that room , you see two people's talking in next to your room . You stay there and here their plans of other bombs and their locations in the city. All the info is in the Computer No. 2 in the camera room.You hear two peoples talking in a room.
3.      You reach the Camera room, look for the computer and takes backup of that data, while you were getting the data , those bomb planners comes to the room and you take the gun of the bodyguard who was already died and has gun in it's back. You shoot all those peoples for your defense and decide to report everything to the Police and go to Police HQ.
4.      The Police department hires you and gives a team consisting of bomb defusing squad, snipers and skilled agents.
5.      You locate the other bombs with the help of your team and defuse them. But you find out that there is another bomb pointed in a location.
6.    You get a bike placed out of the building , you ride the bike and reaches that building. There is a timer on the bomb and you don't have time to wait for your team , you decide on your own to diffuse the bomb. That person look for the scissors and find one on the table nearby in that room , he also finds  a diary which has blueprints of the bomb and how to diffuse it. In the meantime , some bad people's arrive and tries to kill you, you kill those people and go to diffuse the bomb and if you succeed, you get a badge of a private policeman working under the Police hq secretly.
Time Frame: 15-25 days.
Job: Database , Multimedia , Coding , Designing .

This plot is written by my:


Rohit Bhatia

There is a small village located in the desert of rajasthan. The village is located near border and only few people lives here plus a special squad of Indian army. One day pakistani army attacked with full power and Indian army was not prepared for it. The pakistani army took the full control of village. Also most of the soldiers of Indian army died. Also the village was far located from city area so there was no way available to communicate with government.

The game will contain total of 3 stages 

Stage 1 :- The survived soldiers form a group 

In this all the survived soldiers will gather and form a team
They will gather all the things they have and form a plan to escape village
They will first visit there safe place and gather all the weapons and ammunition they have in safe place 
They will now try to escape the village and will have a small fight with pakistani soldiers
They successfully escaped the village 

Stage 2 :- They inform the other units of indian army 
They somehow escaped the village and gather full strength 
There is a war with a pakistani army 

Stage 3 :- The War
At night Indian army attacks pakistani army and their objective is to free the people of village and finish their enemy
The war is a full fledged war 

There will be inner plots developing time to time and this is my basic story


Aspect - Start of the game "Home call "
Problem - The bird has to reach to its best through the obstacles while gravity tries to pull it down 
Inspiration - As you tap the bird flies . It keeps on moving in the front . Obstacles can be doged by tapping rapidly (going up ) or leaving the controls  untouched (going down )
time format - 3-4 weeks 
Job -1234
 This plot is written by harsh Singh 

---------x-----------
Plot written by Himanshu Singh.

Storyline-  Story is about a man who transports illegal and dangerous stuffs for money. In his last contract with Italian mafia. He was betrayed. Mafia gave him a box to transport but actually that box contained a bomb. Somehow our character manages to survive that bomb blast. After this he plans his revenge and later on he finishes his whole gang along with him.

Gameplay-  Our game will be having two playing modes: 1-Story Mode and 2-Arcade Mode.
1. In story mode, our above story will take place. our character will be driving his car to transport stuffs.
[i] First mission will be a time limited single player race type.
[ii] In second mission mafia will be introduced, he will give 2-3 contracts to player that may contain either time based or police chase sequence.
[iii] In third mission mafia will betray him by planting bomb in his package. Our character will stop at motel and will survive that bomb blast.
[iv] Now our final stage, which is a first-person shooter stage. There will be mansion in which mafia lives. This mansion is heavily guarded. Our mission will be to find and kill that mafia. 

2. In arcade mode, we can either chose to play Racing game (there will be different route map and modes of racing) or to play shooter game (game arena will be that mansion only but it will contain 3 difficulty level). Here, player can play and earn some coins to buy another car for upgrade or buy upgrades for his character. All these upgrades will be for arcade mode only.

    -------------------x-----------------



The revenge

This story is about a national arcade shooter who was sent to jail by police in charge of murder of his wife. The story will begin by his  escape  from the jail. He escaped from the jail in order to take revenge of his false accusation of his wife’s murder.
Stage 1- the escape from the jail. Here the person who has failed in many chances of  escaping from the jail. He successfully encountered the police with the help of his friends at jail and  their gun firing. He in this process killed many of the police officers with the weapons that he have got with the help of his friends from jail.
Stage 2- after the escape he has to reach to point which has been already decided by him and his other friends where he would get help from his other friends in terms of weapons and money and a place to hide.
Stage 3- he learns on how to use the weapons and try to kill some of his enemies(practice kill for him in order to know the perfect use of weapons).
Stage 4- encounter with the police. His encounter with the police was not good. He got seriously injured with one of his friends died at that night.he was admitted to the hospital in  a critical situation his friends helping him to get to the hospital.
Stage 5- he get out of the coma and get to know about his friends death and soon after his recovery he started working on the plan to take revenge from his companion who Is now a successful coach of the pistol shooting. His companion was successful and there is tight security around him and the plan has been made for his execution.
Stage 5- the date has been set and the plans all made. Now comes the day of his execution he successfully managed  to somehow reach to him the person is also completely injured and they both decided to test their skills that who is best among both of them and whosever lose will have to die by jumping from the building. The last checkpoint of the game is where if you win the person is saved but if not you die.
The checkpoints and different skills will be his advancements and the more closer he gets  towards  his aim.
At one point there will be short flashback in the game where the person is seeing spending time with his wife and his wife and his companion betraying each other. Once he gets to know about their affair he decided to kill the person but his wife and comes in between and got shot. The reason why he was sent to the jail..
By Mohit mehta



Final Draft:
Aspect: The Game of Milita. This is the game in which the contender plays the role of militia and kills his opposition army.

Problem: Will get different scenarios and another playing units and battle them with weapons.
	    The person will choose the weapons and try to kill the enemies.
	    The more the person kills the enemies and explores the world, the more points or game cash he’ll get.
	     
Inspiration: The game will progress with the killings and checkpoints and will end with the contender killing all the enemies.
     	       If before the enemies are killed, the contender gets killed, Game Over, and retry from begin or Checkpoint.

TF: 29 days 

Job necessary: 1234

Event Summary:

Aspect: 
The Game of Militia. This game will have Shooting , racing and a series of different events that move around a military man who comes to know that his friends are working for a “Black Organization” who kills people for his own advantage and is a big dealer of guns and bombs. 
With some of his trusted friends after few events , he forms a team to defeat that organization and destroy their links. The Game gets over when he kills the boss and plants the bombs in all the rooms of the buildings including the computer room. 

Problems:
Name of the Military Man: Charles Darwin
Stage 1: 
Event 1:Charles goes for a meeting that is held in Military quarters. While he was coming back , he hears a conversation of his friends about exchanging and selling military weapons to a organization. A person comes from behind and hit the Charles on his head . They kidnap him and tie him in a chair . 
Event 2:They offer him a deal to join them but Charles refuses it , they beat him up and leaves the room. Charles cut done the rope of his hand with the help of a knife that he had hidden in his sleeves . He looks for a gun for his defense and to kill those people . But he remembers that they are not the only connected to the organization , there are others too . He tries to remember about their conversation he heard , and remember that there is a computer that has all the info of the organization, about the deals that are going to be held , the place where is this organization, and the Name of those people.
Event 3: He secretly search for the room after killing all those people's he find on his way.He reaches the computer room , gets all the data in a pen drive and recovers his health from the health kit that is on the table next to the computer table. 
Event 4:He kills the rest of the people in the house and his friends. Get a bike from the Garage and leaves from the house.
Note: He gets a bullet proof jacket , Ak-47 and some grenade after completion of his mission. 


Stage 2
Event 1 : Taking up the bike he goes to meet the right hand of the boss on the way, he picks up ammo by riding in different lanes of the road . Equipments to be picked up include (weapons ,grenade and ammo ).

Event 2 : He enters the  harald building where he receives a call from a well wisher from building A telling him that his organisation has found out that he is behind all the killing and are on the way to find and kill him 
Event 3: A bullet pases next to his neck and he drops  the phone in doging so .The members of the gang have surrounded him . He clears his way through them by killing them all 
Event 4. : He opens a door and is led   onto a conveyor which leads to multiple doors with one enemy behind every door
Event 5: he reached the head of that particular stage and has a one to one fight with him (first hand then a headshot to end him ) . He leaves the building in hurry knowing his organisation is after his life 
Event 6 : In another 2 minutes he leaves the building with a smirk ,the organisation reached the entry of the building and they can't track him any further as he left his phone there . In a span of 2 sec the building explodes with the bomb set up by Charles before leaving the building.


Stage 3:
Event 1: He reached a friend’s house , where he transfer the data from the pendrive to the PC. He get to about the the organization people and their base.

Event 2:He decides to work on his  own and finish the world . He takes help from his friend and make arrangements of ammo , guns , time bombs and a vehicle to reach that place. He takes help of his friend to plan out his entry and escape from the building.
Event 3: He leaves his friend house and on his way to the organization, he decides to call someone for his help . He makes the call from a Toll booth and leaves for the organization with his friend.
Stage 4:

Event 1: He gets to the entry of the organization. His friend shows his fake I'd and Charles is in the back of the truck. The truck gets in and Charles successfully hide inside a building that was nearby the truck. Those bad people's came to know about the fake I'd of his friend and kills him.
Event 2: Charles secretly keeps on setting bombs one by one on his route to the main building and keeps on killing people he gets on his way.
Event 3: Charles gets in a survival combat with the head of the dealer of imports and exports of that organization. He gets a shield and a gun to protect himself. He kills the dealer , gets different types of guns from him and health boost which makes his health full.
Event 4: Charles gets in a combat with the boss. The boss keeps on moving from one place to another in the same room every 5 or more seconds. You kill the boss at last. 
Event 5: Charles gets an alert of the bombs going to be blast soon. The Countdown starts. Charles gets off the building and go to the backside of the building , he climbs the wall and jump into the river downside.All the bombs keeps on blasting continuously and everything get destroyed.Charles finds his friend waiting in the boat , he get on the boat and both of them escape.

GAME OVER.






