The revenge

This story is about a national arcade shooter who was sent to jail by police in charge of murder of his wife. The story will begin by his  escape  from the jail. He escaped from the jail in order to take revenge of his false accusation of his wife’s murder.
Stage 1- the escape from the jail. Here the person who has failed in many chances of  escaping from the jail. He successfully encountered the police with the help of his friends at jail and  their gun firing. He in this process killed many of the police officers with the weapons that he have got with the help of his friends from jail.
Stage 2- after the escape he has to reach to point which has been already decided by him and his other friends where he would get help from his other friends in terms of weapons and money and a place to hide.
Stage 3- he learns on how to use the weapons and try to kill some of his enemies(practice kill for him in order to know the perfect use of weapons).
Stage 4- encounter with the police. His encounter with the police was not good. He got seriously injured with one of his friends died at that night.he was admitted to the hospital in  a critical situation his friends helping him to get to the hospital.
Stage 5- he get out of the coma and get to know about his friends death and soon after his recovery he started working on the plan to take revenge from his companion who Is now a successful coach of the pistol shooting. His companion was successful and there is tight security around him and the plan has been made for his execution.
Stage 5- the date has been set and the plans all made. Now comes the day of his execution he successfully managed  to somehow reach to him the person is also completely injured and they both decided to test their skills that who is best among both of them and whosever lose will have to die by jumping from the building. The last checkpoint of the game is where if you win the person is saved but if not you die.
The checkpoints and different skills will be his advancements and the more closer he gets  towards  his aim.
At one point there will be short flashback in the game where the person is seeing spending time with his wife and his wife and his companion betraying each other. Once he gets to know about their affair he decided to kill the person but his wife and comes in between and got shot. The reason why he was sent to the jail.
